
Quetions

?????????????/
You need to target policies and review spend budgets across several subscriptions you manage. What

should you do?
Create management groups. Management groups can be used to organize and manage subscriptions


Resource groups cannot be nested.

An ExpressRoute circuit with connectivity back to your on-premises network. 
Resource locks prevent other users in your organization from accidentally deleting or
 modifying critical resources

Pergunta 5:
Which of the following would be good example of when to use a resource lock?



Assign her as a Resource Group owner. The new IT administrator needs to be able to assign permissions.

Pergunta 6:
Your company hires a new IT administrator. She needs to manage a resource group with first-tier web

servers including assigning permissions . However, she should not have access to other resource groups

inside the subscription. You need to configure role-based access. What should you do?



Assign the user to the Contributor role on VM3. This means the user will not have access to VM1 or VM2. 
The Contributor role will allow the user to change the settings on VM1.

Pergunta 7:
You have three virtual machines (VM1, VM2, and VM3) in a resource group. The Helpdesk hires a new

employee. The new employee must be able to modify the settings on VM3, but not on VM1 and VM2.

Your solution must minimize administrative overhead. What should you do?





Each user account can be assigned multiple machines, is not true. The cloud shell is assigned one machine per user account.

Pergunta 1:
Which of the following is not true about the Cloud Shell?


Connect-AzAccount. When you are working locally you are not automatically logged in to Azure. So, the first thing you should do is to connect to Azure and provide your credentials.

Pergunta 2:
You are managing Azure locally using PowerShell. You have launched the app as an Administrator. Which

of the following commands would you do first?



Tenant. A tenant cannot be moved between subscriptions

Pergunta 3:
You have a new Azure subscription and need to move resoures to that subscription. Which of the following

resources cannot be moved?


Inputs. Inputs is not a part of the template schema.

Pergunta 4:
Which of the following is not an element in the template schema?



Request support increase your limit. If you need to increase a default limit, there is a Request Increase link. You will complete and submit the support request.

Pergunta 6:
You are reviewing your virtual machine usage. You notice that you have reached the limit for virtual

machines in the US East region. Which of the following provides the easiest solution?

